Clarifying "Allow Other Users" (#15660)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_assistant.markdown

    1. Enter the email address of the user you want to add.
    2. Click Select a role and choose Project < Viewer.
    3. Click SAVE

>     4. Copy and share the Actions project link (https://console.actions.google.com/project/YOUR_PROJECT_ID/simulator) with the new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Copy and share the Actions project link (`https://console.actions.google.com/project/YOUR_PROJECT_ID/simulator`) with the new user.
```

> 5. Have the new user open the link with their own Google account, agree to the ToS popup, then select [Start Testing], select VERSION - Draft in the dropdown, and hit [Done].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Have the new user open the link with their own Google account, agree to the Terms of Service popup, then select "Start Testing", select VERSION - Draft in the dropdown, and click "Done".
```
